NoDuplicatedArrayKeyFixer - add option "ignore_expressions" (#547)
kubawerlos/php-cs-fixer-custom-fixers: README.md

#### NoDuplicatedArrayKeyFixer
Duplicated array keys must be removed.
Configuration options:

> - `allow_duplicated_expressions` (`bool`): whether keep duplicated expressions (as they might return different value) or not; defaults to `true`

Reviewer: why not to call it: "ignore_expressions"?
```suggestion
- `ignore_expressions` (`bool`): whether to keep duplicated expressions (as they might return different values) or not; defaults to `true`
```
